Kubernetes Deployment for csv-uploader Application
This repository contains Kubernetes manifests for deploying [Your Application Name] in a Kubernetes cluster. The configuration includes a Deployment, a Service, and a Horizontal Pod Autoscaler (HPA).

Files Overview
deployment.yaml: This file defines the Kubernetes Deployment for your application, specifying the number of replicas, container image, environment variables, and resource requirements.
service.yaml: This file defines the Kubernetes Service, which exposes your application within the cluster and/or externally.
hpa.yaml: This file defines the Horizontal Pod Autoscaler, which automatically scales the number of Pods based on observed CPU utilization or other select metrics.
Prerequisites
Before deploying these manifests, ensure that you have the following:

Kubernetes Cluster: A running Kubernetes cluster, either local (e.g., Minikube) or in the cloud (e.g., AWS, GCP, Azure).
kubectl Installed: The Kubernetes command-line tool kubectl must be installed and configured to interact with your Kubernetes cluster.
Deploying the Application
To deploy the application, follow these steps:

1. Clone the Repository
git clone <repository-url>
cd <repository-directory>

2. Apply the Deployment
This will create the necessary Pods to run your application:
kubectl apply -f deployment.yaml

3. Apply the Service
This will expose your application inside the cluster or to the external network, depending on the type of service you configure:
kubectl apply -f service.yaml

4. Apply the Horizontal Pod Autoscaler (HPA)
This will enable auto-scaling of your Pods based on CPU utilization:
kubectl apply -f hpa.yaml

Configuration Details
deployment.yaml
replicas: Specifies the number of Pod replicas to run. This can be adjusted based on the expected load.
image: The Docker image for the application. Update this to use your desired image version.
resources: Defines CPU and memory resource requests and limits for the containers.
env: Environment variables for the application. Customize as needed for your application's configuration.


service.yaml
type: Defines how the service is exposed.
NodePort: Exposes the service on each Node’s IP at a static port.
ports: Defines the port that the service will use to access the application.


hpa.yaml
minReplicas: The minimum number of Pod replicas that the HPA will maintain.
maxReplicas: The maximum number of Pod replicas that the HPA will scale up to.
targetCPUUtilizationPercentage: The target CPU utilization for scaling. When the CPU usage exceeds this value, the HPA scales up the number of replicas.

Managing the Deployment
Check the Status of the Deployment
You can check the status of your deployment using kubectl:
kubectl get deployments
kubectl describe deployment <deployment-name>

Check the Service
To see the details of the service and how it’s exposed:
kubectl get services
kubectl describe service <service-name>

Check the HPA
To monitor the status and behavior of the Horizontal Pod Autoscaler:
kubectl get hpa
kubectl describe hpa <hpa-name>

Scaling the Deployment
If you need to manually scale the deployment:
kubectl scale deployment <deployment-name> --replicas=<number-of-replicas>

Deleting the Deployment
To remove the deployment from the cluster:
kubectl delete -f deployment.yaml
kubectl delete -f service.yaml
kubectl delete -f hpa.yaml

Conclusion
These Kubernetes manifests provide a robust and flexible way to deploy and manage your application in a Kubernetes cluster. The use of HPA ensures that your application can scale automatically based on demand, while the service configuration allows it to be accessible within or outside the cluster as needed.

For further customization, you can modify the provided YAML files to fit the specific needs of your application and environment.

